Daddy Doudou
I can accept that you are anyone
But it can't be Gu Zhenting alone
How could I possibly be the richest man in Haicheng?
That's also who gave you that video.
Jiang Xue is really up to it again
Come with me to find him
What do you want?
Didn't Jiang Xue make things difficult for you before?
Now I'm your boyfriend
I'll help you settle the bill with him.
As Gu Zhenting, yes
What's right, don't mess around
Jiang Xue
Zhengting brother
Brother Chen Jing
Why did you hit me?
Because I want to hit you
Do you have an opinion?
I dare not. You are fired and leave immediately.
Why? Because I want to fire you.
Jiang Cancan didn't have a gun with him
Not only failed, but also exposed
That's why he was fired
Calm down brother
I listen to you
Just slap him twice to get out of the way
Why did you fire him hahaha
Don't you want to
Think about it
But Wu Zhenting will be held accountable if you look like this.
It won't happen.
Because he only has it in his heart now